Hey, welcome! This video is all about getting your HTML captions set up properly.
In the next few moments, you’ll see how easy it is to add subtitles to your projects.
Captions help make your content accessible and way more professional.
You can use .vtt files to sync text with your video timeline.
Each caption has a start time, an end time, and the text you want displayed.
Make sure your timestamps are clean and in the correct format.
After that, just link the file in your  element in HTML.
Once the browser loads it, boom — captions appear automatically.
Remember, accessibility isn’t optional. It’s part of good web design.
Keep experimenting and tweaking your caption timing for smooth reading.
You're now ready to add captions to any video on your site.
Thanks for watching — go build something fire.